about.md, before:

---
layout: default
title: "About Me"
permalink: /index/
---
# About Me! 
<img src="/assets/images/me.jpg" alt="Reihaneh Farzinnia" style="width:150px; float:right; margin-left:20px; margin-bottom:10px; border-radius:50%;">
Welcome :)

I'm Reihaneh, a PhD student at The University of Manchester, supervised by [Prof Neil Humphrey](https://research.manchester.ac.uk/en/persons/neil.humphrey) and [Dr Loiuse Black](https://research.manchester.ac.uk/en/persons/louise.black)

I am interested in how we measure and model mental health difficulties, particularly among young adults. 

Currently, I am working on the application of Integrative Data Analysis (IDA) and Moderated Nonlinear Factor Analysis (MNLFA; or, as Dan Bauer and Patrick Curran said themselves, the world's worst acronym!) in adolescent mental health research. 

I will start the second year of my Phd in October 2025, and I will blame Patrick Curran and Greg Hancok if my PhD goes wrong, as I heard about IDA in [Quantitude](https://quantitudepod.org) podcast!


Here, you can explore my CV, publications, and research projects!

Commit message:

Update about.md with research details
Added information about current research projects and interests.

about.md, after:

---
layout: default
title: "About Me"
permalink: /index/
---
# About Me! 
<img src="/assets/images/me.jpg" alt="Reihaneh Farzinnia" style="width:150px; float:right; margin-left:20px; margin-bottom:10px; border-radius:50%;">
Welcome :)

I'm Reihaneh, a PhD student at The University of Manchester, supervised by [Prof Neil Humphrey](https://research.manchester.ac.uk/en/persons/neil.humphrey) and [Dr Loiuse Black](https://research.manchester.ac.uk/en/persons/louise.black)

I am doing my PhD as part of the [BeeWell](https://beewellprogramme.org/) team, and I am also working part-time as a research assistant on the [So.Me](https://www.so-me-study.org/) project. You can find out more about these cool projects and my involvement in the research projects section.

I am interested in how we measure and model mental health difficulties, particularly among young adults. 

Currently, I am working on the application of Integrative Data Analysis (IDA) and Moderated Nonlinear Factor Analysis (MNLFA; or, as Dan Bauer and Patrick Curran said themselves, the world's worst acronym!) in adolescent mental health research. 

I will start the second year of my Phd in October 2025, and I will blame Patrick Curran and Greg Hancok if my PhD goes wrong, as I heard about IDA in [Quantitude](https://quantitudepod.org) podcast!


Here, you can explore my CV, publications, and research projects!
